# Final Project: Outline
###### Drawing on the Web | Spring 2017

Recently I’ve gone back to an old hobby, photography. I forgot that it was something I used to love until I met a photographer this semester. When they first let me play with their camera, I had a moment of nostalgia that rekindled my interest in photography. So for my final project, I decided that the theme for my three web drawings would be photography and since I am graduating, I decided to include images about “Eats”, “Places” and “People” over the past four years of my life. The hand-drawn outline will show the different layering of photos on each drawing, but the similarity among all of the layered images is that they are all connected; this is to symbolize the connection I have to subject of these images (memories, relationships, etc). Aesthetically, the three drawings will be very similar because I want to display the images in black and white to portray them as memories. But when users hover over them, I would like the images to display in their original color again, as if one was revisiting a memory and the details are coming back. As for the animations, I would like to display a small object on each drawing that represents/relates to the subject of that page. For example, on the “Eats” drawing, I would like to display a Pac man eating the dots animation. 
Additionally, I’m deciding on whether or not I want to include background music that I feel relates to these topics. I’m also still deciding on what I want to happen when a user clicks on a photo. I may display them as the background image of the browser, but since the theme of my drawings is photography, I may enlarge the photo so that it becomes the focus of the page, like someone viewing an actual photo. 
For a viewer, this project would basically be like a virtual scrapbook of my college life, divided into three categories. 